all right here we go LED TV you like to
welcome Michael Franzese the only
high-ranking official of a major crime
family to actually walk away without
protective custody without witness
protection and actually survive is that
an accurate you know description I would
think sure to walk away publicly as I
have done over the past several years
yes so your background is actually the
Colombo crime family correct so let's go
ahead and start in the beginning when
did the Colombo crime family actually
launch and start well prior to it being
the Colombo family it was the profit
family and Joe Profaci was the original
boss of that family and it all occurred
when Lucky Luciano broke up everything
into you know several different families
formed the Commission so on and so forth
so we're looking back to the you know
40s around there when it really came
into existence okay and there are five
major crime families five major families
in New York there are actually nine
throughout the country oh okay
so five in New York nine nationwide
correct and the Colombo was like the
youngest in New York you know it could
be Colombo and Bonanno families were
kind of the the smaller of the families
I would say my boss at the time uses
like to say we like quality not quantity
and the amount of guys that we bring
into the family okay so so Joseph
Colombo
I guess he served from like 63 to 71
correct okay and then the family was
named after him at that point yes during
this time how big was the Colombo crime
family like how many members we had
about 115 made members at the time men
that actually took the oath and we had a
lot of associates obviously guys that
were around the life but didn't actually
take the oath they weren't made members
and they're known as associates we had
hundreds of em at the time okay with the
associates consider soldiers or no no
associates when you come into the life
and you take the oath you come in as the
position of a soldier that's when you're
you're May
man at that point got it okay and I
guess during that time there was a bunch
of major Wars there happening in the
Colombo family yeah back at that time
just prior to Joe Colombo becoming boss
who we had the Gallo prophecy war when
the Gallo brothers who were part of the
family kind of revolted and there was a
war going on at that time Colombo family
we've had our share of wars you know
during our existence so that was I mean
I was alive through that one so which
one that I remember okay what year was
that around I was in the 50s 50s into
the 60s yeah okay so we get into the 60s
Colombo takes over and there's another
war at that point not really I mean they
called it the Gallo of the Colombo war
also but it was kind of like a spillover
because I think at the time the gallows
felt that they should be in control of
the family and so there was an internal
war at that time over that and that was
eventually resolved okay during these
wars basically guys are getting killed
on both sides yes okay how bad were
these murders getting at one point like
how many people were getting killed on a
monthly basis well again this was before
my time actually has been involved in a
life but my dad was a prominent figure
at the time right and you know quite a
few went down during the gala prophecy
war Gallo Colombo War I don't know the
exact number at the time but I do
remember some incidents with my dad
since he was very active during that
time and I know that we hadn't seen him
for a while he was away because you know
he was you know kind of undercover at
that time and quite a few guys were
killed I remember yeah it was a tough
war okay so your grandfather was an
associate but not actually a made man
that's correct yes
but then your father became a made man
yes and how did he end up joining that
whole the whole family you know my
father would grow up in Brooklyn and he
was he was a tough kid good kid and he
just caught the eye of you know some of
the older guys some of the guys that
were made at the time and he started to
hang with them and you know the way he
tells me my grandfather actually didn't
want him to become part of the life even
though my grandfather was very
well-respected
neighborhood in Greenpoint but he never
wanted to be involved although he could
have he liked being you know on the
outside and kind of cautioned my father
to get involved because he said you know
once you do your life is really not your
own but my dad had it in him and you
know he ended up getting involved in the
30s actually he was young when he got
inducted okay and he actually moved his
way up to an underboss correct yes okay
so describe the structure cuz at the top
you have the boss right and then you
have the underboss and then the capo
yeah it's you have a boss an underboss a
capo regime or captain and a soldier
okay and those are the four positions
there is a position called consul URI
and he's kind of appointed by the boss
as his adviser actually the position
really is he is a liaison between the
men and the boss like if you have a
gripe you know about something that's
going on in a family you go to the
Consul yari you supposed to straighten
it out with the boss the only problem
with that is that if you have a gripe at
the boss and you go to the Consul Gary
and he brings it to the boss you're
probably gonna get killed so you never
gripe about the boss it's not smart in
that life okay so your dad actually
moved up from a soldier to a capo as to
an underboss correct is there a reason
why he never became a boss he went to
prison yeah if I believe until today
that if my father were on the street and
didn't get into the problems that he had
he would have been the boss at one point
so here you are growing up in this
family and your dad is a high-ranking
member of the Colombo family and you
have siblings you have a brother and a
sister yeah I was one of seven actions
one of seven yeah okay brothers and and
all those sisters okay all the same
parents actually my father was married
once before
so yet he had three children from his
first marriage okay therefore four
children yes with your mother okay
so you have a you have this family and
you're growing up and then you know as a
kid you don't really know anything
different but you're starting to get
older and you're seeing that your dad is
a little different than the other dads
there's more police presence and there's
more secrecy and so forth so at what
point did you start to realize what's
going on well it was early on because
my dad was one of the highest profile
figures of his day you know he was kind
of like the John Gotti of his day if you
can make that comparison but law
enforcement tactics against organized
crime with different back then than they
are today you know today is everything
is very covert undercover informants
high-tech surveillance equipment back
then when you were under investigation
they wanted you to know about it and my
dad was under investigation maybe for a
period of about 10 years growing up in
Brooklyn later on Long Island from seven
or eight different agencies and they
would all have a big presence in our
lives that had their cars parked around
our house 24/7 so whenever we would go
anywhere as a family we had a parade of
law enforcement vehicles following us so
you know III had a lot of scuffles with
them early on and that presence was
there so I grew up really hating the
police I hated the government hated law
enforcement so you would argue with the
undercover cops like in front of your
house and so forth yeah I mean I'd lead
him on a wild goose chase if they
thought my dad was with me you know and
they did some things to get even with me
and you know so I always had scuffles
with them along the way yeah how was
your dad doing his business if there's
literally someone following him as soon
as he comes home
I mean Susie leaves the house to the
point where he comes home again well he
had to be very careful you know if he
had a meeting that he didn't want them
involved in he had to have an escape
route you know one of the ways we do it
I mean we had homes in Brooklyn you know
we had a big family dad was one of 19 so
we had relatives everywhere in Brooklyn
so he'd go in the door one house go
through the backyard you know into the
other house go out the front door the
other's way I had somebody waiting and
the cops were still waiting for them at
the other house so yeah you know when
we're under surveillance we had to
devise different ways to try to shake
the the tail that we had okay so you had
a high school graduation party yeah and
something interesting happened with that
whole situation yeah well I was in our
backyard my dad put up a big tent and we
had entertainment we had probably 500
people there and all of my friends they
drove their cars obviously or they
borrowed somebody's car to come to the
to the event and the police were around
detectives Nassau County I should say
and they took the license plate number
of every car in the neighborhood every
single car so several weeks later you
know friends of mine is starting to get
subpoenas to go to the grand jury and it
was all
them attending you know my graduation
party and if they drove somebody else's
car and that person wasn't even at the
event they got the subpoena because
that's that's where they got the name
from that license plate number so it was
uh okay I mean in high school was there
a level of hey that's that's Michael
that's the son of so-and-so you don't
really want to mess with them you know
that type of thing or we're just a
regular high school kid you know me look
you guys knew who my father was and it
was a thrill to some of them you know to
be around me and tell others they didn't
care but you know when I was younger I
had some issues of it because my dad had
publicity and they'd oh you got a Mafia
father and you know I fight you know so
was that kind of a thing early on but it
didn't hurt me too much you know in that
regard so during this whole time your
dad was not involving you in any of this
he wasn't mentioning it at home nothing
oh my dad wanted me to go to school and
be a doctor you know I was an athlete in
school he was very supportive of me as
an athlete attended all my games and he
wanted me to be legitimate okay she
graduated high school you go to college
and then your dad gets busted yeah in
the early 60s my dad was indicted
several times three times in the state
of New York very serious crimes grand
larceny homicide homicide was in Queens
actually and he went to trial on all
three of those cases over a period of a
couple of years he was acquitted found
not guilty but then in 66 the feds
indicted him for masterminding a
nationwide string of bank robberies he
was convicted in 67 and sentenced to 50
years in prison 1970 after he lost his
Appeals he gets shipped off to a lot
more penitentiary to do his time to
begin a sentence and I was a pre-med
student officer university at that point
was gonna be a doctor and I was
devastated when Dad went in I mean he
was 50 when he went in I figured I had
50 on top of that he'd never come out of
prison a lot always it was devastating
okay at that point you started thinking
about the whole Mafia thing what would
really happen no I can't say that Joe
Colombo had started the italian-american
civil rights League what happened his
son Joe jr. had
gotten indicted by the feds on some case
for melting down coins for their silver
value something crazy like that
so Joey called us all up you know and he
said hey my son is being framed we're
not gonna have this happen anymore to
any of us he said we want to go down to
the the FBI building on 69th Street and
3rd Avenue in Manhattan we're gonna pick
at the FBI for me a great they framed my
father this is a chance for me to maybe
help my dad out so I was one of the
first to be on that picket line you know
I was a kid I was 18 19 years old and
that's how I started to get involved
with people on that line well I guess
Joe Columbo got shot right next to you
er yeah he well though that at an
American Civil Rights really grew into
several hundred thousand members I mean
Joey had a lot of influence there and it
became a big deal you know the feds
hated it Joey started to have some
problems because according to guys on
the street he was bringing too much
attention to that life and so on and so
forth so we had a big rally 1970-71 in
Columbus Circle in Manhattan huge
there's probably 50,000 people there and
we had a big stage setup because
entertainment I mean I think Sammy Davis
was this an Archer was going to appear
at top-notch entertainment and he was
going to talk about what the league was
all about and I'll never forget was a
beautiful day and I had just walked up
on the stage and Joey had handed me some
brochures to hand out you know up by a
couple blocks up on 60th Street and I
took them and because I was a captain in
the league not in the family at that
point Lily got a button and I walked
away I was about ten steps away and all
of a sudden boom boom boom I heard shots
run out and somebody screamed Joey was
hit you always been hit he went down and
it was mass hysteria at that point so
the boss of the family just got shot yes
right next to you was he killed at that
point or no no he lingered for about six
or seven years and then he eventually
died but he was she was in a coma the
whole time okay so pretty much that
pretty much that was the end of his
correct his reign at that point was that
the first time you saw ba via violence
yes
that was my first experience like that
seriousness that gravity yes okay but
you wanted up joining the Mafia after
that yes
there wasn't a level of okay this is
this is real this is not the movies this
is what's really happening here is the
head guy in my father's organization he
essentially was almost you know
essentially killed there and put in a
coma after the situation maybe I'll
stick to school instead well you know I
had such a goal a driving force for me
to help my dad get out of prison I
believe my dad was framed because I
asked him I said dad what's with these
bank robbery charges and he looked at me
and he says son I'm innocent
and what I really believed him is
because the four bank robbers that
testified against him were all drug
addicts they're all junkies and from the
time I was a kid my dad preached to me
against drugs he hated anything to do
with drugs so I said why would he get
involved with drug addicts so I believed
that he was innocent
he was framed and I figured if I didn't
help him out he was gonna die in prison
so I told him I lost interest in school
we were in the visiting room Leavenworth
Penitentiary said dad I'm not going to
school but I hope you're gonna die in
here
and he we kind of went at it a little
bit I a mother's gonna be upset you're
leaving school I said dad's too late my
mind's made up and he said okay but if
you're gonna be on the street I want you
on the street the right way and his mind
the right ways to become a member of his
life so he proposed me for membership at
that point in time because you know you
become a member that life you can't just
go up to somebody say I'd like to join
somebody's got to propose you vouch for
you so you have what it takes so in my
case it was my dad he sent word downtown
he said my son I'm proposing him for
membership and that's how it started
okay so you became a recruit at that
point correct this was what year this
was in 70 around 72 okay and a year and
a half later you became a bait man
correct during that time were they just
sending you out on missions and so forth
you know I mean the way they ran it down
to me the boss at that time he's now
passed on Tom DiBella he said Mike I got
a message from your father he said you
want to become a member of our life is
that true I said yes here's the deal
from now on 24 hours a day seven days a
week you're on call
serve this family the Colombo family
that means if your mother is sick and
dying and you're at her bedside we call
you to service you leave your mother and
you come and serve us from now on we're
number one in your life before anything
at everything and when if we feel you
deserve this privilege you're in the
honor to become a member will let you
know so basically I'm on call 24/7 to do
whatever I was told to do okay what were
the worst things yet to do during that
time look you know I always say this
it's a tough question to answer but I
like to be as honest as I can be you
know a lot of menial things you know
drive the boss to a meeting sit in the
car for five hours you know that until
he comes out you had a meeting at eight
o'clock you weren't there at 7:30 you
were late can never be late in that life
never stuff like that and then you know
look and be honest you know that life at
times is very violent and if you're part
of the life you're part of the violence
and there's no escape if you told to do
something you do it or you pay the price
so to say I wasn't part of that would
not be truthful I mean how did you take
to the violence yourself at that point
cuz you were what a teenager at that
point or no I was I was when I got
straightened out I was 24 so I you know
but I was recruited 22 okay so you're in
your early 20s yeah
and now you're you know essentially
being forced to do these violent acts or
else right well look I had a choice I
could have said no and walked away at
that time and then just gave it all up
but I didn't so I don't like to see
anybody push me into it I mean I made a
conscious choice to do this and you know
be honest with you look I can't say I
was comfortable with everything that I
had to do during that time but I did it
you know I didn't want to I didn't want
to displease my dad and I didn't want
anybody to think I didn't have what it
takes to do what I had to do so you know
when you have to do things that are
unpleasant at least in my experience you
kind of step outside of yourself have
you capable of doing that do what you
have to do and then you know you move on
okay
so then a year and a half later you were
actually made correct there was a
ceremony where they burned something in
your hand I believe yeah it was a
picture of a saint Catholic all to God
they prick your finger some blood drops
on the floor and they
I ain't in your hands and you're taking
off and you actually came in with
another group of guys yeah it was uh in
the early 70s or the mid-70s they had
the expression that they opened the
books meaning that they were starting to
bring in a lot of guys prior to that for
about 20 years they weren't making any
new guys the only way they would make a
guy in a family is if they had to
replace a guy that died but then in the
mid 70s they opened the books up and
they were taking guys the families were
building up okay do you were part of
that build up yes now out of the the
guys that joined in with the only one of
them was still alive um that's correct
yeah okay there was five or six guys
well the guys the night that I took the
oath there was six of us I'm the only
one alive @nm okay I'm the only one
alive out of that group but there are
some guys that took the oath during that
period of time that is still a lot so
now you're a made man in the mines how
did that feel you know feel good I mean
you know this is what I aspired to be at
that point in time and I kind of did you
know I paid my dues to get into that
life so you know when I got in I wanted
to be the best possible mob guy could be
I'll be honest I was motivated to do two
things I wanted to get my dad out of
prison and I was helpful in that we did
get him out on parole after serving
almost ten years and I want them to make
money my dad said you know not life you
make money it translates to power not
unlike the real world so I was fortunate
I had a head for business and I knew how
to use that life to benefit me in
business I was very aggressive
I brought some new things into the
family that hadn't been done before so I
was successful at in that regard okay so
you come in now you're made man your
soldier at this point so you don't have
a crew well I had a crew of associates
associate yeah I didn't have a crew of
monkey eyes so you get a crew of
associates how many guys in the
beginning oh gosh probably 20 okay nice
nice group of people sighs yeah good
sized group of people and you guys start
doing crimes correct okay so what were
some of the early money-making schemes
the beginning you know everybody that's
involved in that life you start
shylocking putting money out on this
strean on you Julius you know for your
jury's interest rate okay so let's talk
about that for a second so a regular guy
has a gambling problem and he gambled
off his his rent that month he needs a
couple thousand dollars he can't go to
the bank because he was already maxed
out on everything he goes to you says I
need two thousand dollars right now
correct you give it to him and what
interest rate depends you know depends
on who it is and what the circumstances
were you know for me it was anywhere
from 1% a week up to 5% a week that's
what I would charge 20 percent a month
yeah so that means that if you gave
$1,000 he owed you $1,200 at the end
about the correct okay yeah what happens
if he doesn't pay well you know what for
the most part people pay and you know
sometimes you make a deal but look you
know people that are out to beat you and
you find that out for instance we lend
money to a gambler you know it's just I
promise I'm not gonna gamble anymore and
he's gonna pay and then we find out he's
gambling everywhere else around town and
he can't pay you well he may pay a
significant price for that yeah but a
guy in a hospital will hurt him yeah it
happens okay so you and your associates
are out there putting money on the
street and making that money back in my
case most of the time I would give the
money to my associates and they would
put it out to somebody else so I helped
my associate responsible real okay
there's a lot of money made through
shylocking when you were doing it at
that point or is it just okay it's
enough to get by but this is not really
what my aspiration is well I'll tell you
when I was when I was rolling pretty
high and I had income from a lot of
different areas I had almost a million
dollars on the street million dollars in
loans yeah out to various people whether
they be in business whether they were my
own guys and I was collecting you know
two points maybe five points a week it
all depend upon a bird about three
percent a week both millions so was a
lot of money okay so a million dollars
that's thirty thousand a week and just
interest okay pretty good it's good
money
okay what were some of the biggest
things you
money on you know all that times in
business guy owned a you know a club I
got involved with a number of clubs they
always need money you know and so you
know you fairly you got a good shot of
getting your money back because they
have cash flow you know we're in the
club we're watching we see what's going
on we got the register there we got the
guy so I tried to you know make my
launch to people that I knew had the
capacity to pay obviously you don't give
it to anybody so people in business
normally you had a shot okay and you
know you see movies like for example
Goodfellas where you see these type of
scenarios play out where the person
can't pay and now the Mafia guys a
partner in the business was that
happening yes yeah it was a way to get
involved in a business like there were
times when okay I don't want my money
back but I'm your partner you know it's
one of those things I mean it's it's the
way we used to get in the door yes okay
and actually your name was in Goodfellas
yes well there was a guy I don't know if
there's any really speaking roles
outside of him saying hello but there
was like the scene where it shows all
the various guys in the Mafia and there
goes Michael yeah I mean the Goodfellas
thing it was a different family
obviously but I was a pretty well-known
girl now I knew Henry Hill really well
and I knew Paulie berry oh I knew Jimmy
Burke so I think I had some name value
at the time so they threw me into the
movie for that purpose you know but I
really business-wise I didn't have much
to do with those guys okay
your shylocking and you're making money
that way but then you start getting into
other businesses yeah so what comes next
you know I had a legitimate business I
had two automobile dealerships that I
had put together
I had leasing company I had a couple of
things going on in a legitimate sense
but the biggest scheme that I ever fell
upon I would say I'll help create was I
devised the scheme to defraud the
government out of tax on every gallon of
gasoline and I ran that operation for
seven years I brought in the Russian mob
guys from Brighton Beach Brooklyn
because they had a independent station
at the time brand it's an independent
group of gas stations at the time and we
did quite well I had at one point in
time I had over 350 gas stations that I
owned operated always delivering product
to I had 18 companies that were licensed
to collect the tax on every gallon of
gasoline
I had connection to get the licenses at
the time and at one point in time I was
selling a half a billion gallons of gas
a month then we were taken down 30 to 40
cents a gallon so if you do the math
there was a significant amount of money
you know it's times we were pulling in
10 million dollars a week so I ran that
operation for seven or eight years as a
result of that I became pretty well
known because everybody wanted to get
involved in the business not only from
my own family but from other families so
as a result I made some very good
relationships with some prominent guys
and some of the other families and you
know I was riding high 1980 they made me
a captain my former boss had just passed
away a couple of weeks ago appointed me
as a captain because I was bringing in a
lot of money for the family so okay so
you're basically charging a tax that
didn't exist on gasoline no we were
collecting the tax rather than paying
the government oh oh so you're
collecting on behalf of the government
and just keeping everybody keeping it we
weren't paying it okay and you're
bringing in sometimes 30 or 40 million a
week
yeah whether collect the the tax on a
gallon of gasoline back then was 25 to
30 cents city state local depending upon
where you were located and it was nine
cents federal she had about 40 cents a
gallon so we were essentially selling a
gas collecting the tax not paying the
government and we had a scheme devised
to to hold the government off and
normally on any license that we had we
had about ten months before the
government would come down on that
company and say okay where's our money
we held them off for ten months but
every day the registers ringing because
we're selling gas were collecting tax
money and then when we when they finally
come down on us we just closed the
office and we'd move on to the next
company with the new license it was kind
of a daisy chain and they they couldn't
figure out what we were doing
let's go Ponzi scheme in a way in a way
but but the the only victim was the
government okay so now you're pulling in
tens of millions of dollars yes
you're a capo yes how many soldiers
underneath you I had about 15 15
soldiers yes and then each of those
soldiers had couple of associates so
you're overlooking hundreds of people
now
yes but the money you're bringing in is
split it's not just thirty or forty
million year old pocket correct you have
to kick up to the underboss kick up to
the boss yes and also distribute money
to to your team yeah well we were all
making money I mean look you know what
this scheme was mine I mean I created it
so I brought it to the family and as a
result I I would give them 25% of
whatever I earned at that point so they
were making pretty good money and then
of course we're taking care of everybody
that's working for you so but don't get
me wrong there's plenty of money to go
around so everybody was doing we were
known as a very wealthy crew okay and
you yourself were starting to buy things
for yourself as well I guess you had
your own plane had a jet plane I would
helicopter I had you know I built myself
8,000 square foot house with a
racquetball court and you know two acres
of land in Long Island so I had a house
in Florida at a house another house in
Marina del Rey California so I mean you
know I was I was accumulating wealth but
along accumulating assets but along the
way I had legitimate business also I had
a very successful Mazda dealership I had
a successful Chevrolet dealership on
Long Island
I had a Motion Picture Company a
distributing company I had bought into I
was making movies I was distributing
them so I had a good income illegally
also so I was able to cover a lot of
stuff okay so that's basically all
you're laundering the money through the
legitimate ounces I mean look we use tax
money to make a movie at one point times
two and a half million dollar film I'd
you know I was a week's pay so you know
it's pretty good so at this point the
money is coming in like crazy yes
was there ever a notion of okay I have
enough money to retire with right now I
could walk away from all this maybe go
to a country that doesn't have us
extradition with my family it just
ride off into the sunset never thought
of ever leaving America
no not in any way shape or form and you
know it was my attitude at the time you
know you uh I knew I was gonna go down
at one point in time I mean we all knew
that so you knew that the whole time
yeah I knew it was gonna happen I mean
even though you got to understand I
became a major target of law enforcement
I went to trial five times so they were
really on me but he was my attitude you
get just as much time for stealing a
million dollars as you do for stealing a
billion what's the difference so I may
as well keep going because if I give
this up somebody else is gonna get it
anyway I'm already in a mess so I may as
well that's kind of the attitude I had I
did my best to try to cover myself in
many went many ways but you know what
would eventually got me was informants
people that flip during that time how
violent was the operation violent yeah
you know we didn't have to do many
violent things I mean you know they
considered us to be the Robin Hood's in
the gas business because we we lowered
the price at the pump because we weren't
paying the taxes so we were selling gas
cheaper than anybody else because we
were keeping the tax money so people on
the street weren't really mad at us
because whatever we were stealing the
taxes we were making up in that gas tank
so they didn't care we didn't have to
twist anybody's arm in a station to buy
our gas they wanted our guest because we
were selling it cheaper you know I had a
big terminal I bought from British
Petroleum BP in Oceanside we had we I
think was about a three million gallon
capacity and I know at one time the feds
went to all the major oil companies and
they said you know these guys are
undercutting your business but really we
weren't because we were buying barges of
gasoline as they were coming over from
the Middle East from the major oil
companies so we were buying more guests
than anybody else was buying gas so they
didn't care but they made believe that
they did you know they sold me a
terminal I mean we used to we have to
have a good time with these guys so it
was I don't think you'll ever see you
know steam like that I'll be honest with
you well during the time on the street
he ran into Donnie Brasco yes okay but
you never had any illegal dealings with
him no I knew I knew lefty Ruggiero
pretty well I knew Sonny black Sonny red
but I never dealt with him on this
Street thank God for that I know but I
didn't know I'm that okay you know now
yeah okay I like him actually he's good
guy um so you no one had any idea he was
undercover not at that time no at that
time when you found out that he was we
were kind of shocked I mean you know he
was around guys for a long time you know
it was we scouted because he first
thought it with the Columbo guys what
our family and then he moved over to you
know to lefty and that crew ha so he was
actually working with the Colombo's at
that point did he get anything any guys
busted I don't think so no I think what
happened was he for some reason he
connected with lefty and that
relationship kind of prospered for him
so that's where he stayed hmm well you
saw the movie was a fairly accurate from
what you knew in many ways yeah we can
somewhere he's now but what you also
dealt with John Gotti yes the Teflon Don
yes you had some problems with him at
certain points sit-downs yeah over
business you know you know I like John I
mean we got along he was difficult to do
business with you know I can be honest
but on a social level great you know I
know the phone we'd go out to a club you
know he was a lot of fun to be around
and I you know I respected journal lot I
mean he was you know he was a guy that
commanded respect he was different in a
way but you know I like him I like his
family
you know I'm friendly with them so okay
when he got locked up because he was
known as the Teflon Don because you kept
beating his cases over and over again
when he got locked up did that change
the culture of the Mafia no not at all
because you know John was so out there I
mean look when you're that high profile
it's only a matter of time you know and
I say look I had a respect for John
because he didn't make no bones about
who he was
you know he says I'm a gangster this is
what I want to be this is who I am and
that's it accept it or not so you know
there was no shame in his game in regard
to that but you know honestly being that
high profile is not helpful you know I
mean it just causes more heat but he was
into it what was he gonna do it it's the
way he lived his life you know so I
don't blame him for anything other than
all that we saw high-profile he brought
heat everybody brings heat you know
you can't blame him for that
well one point you got into the booking
business booking meaning sports booking
I guess and concert booking and so forth
okay how did you get into that well I
was close to an agent who was an agent
to the stars he used to book all the top
black acts at the time in the business
music acts you know yeah he had a bunch
of Marvin Gaye and Dionne Warwick and
all of that and he was very close to my
dad I knew him my whole life so I got
involved with him in some ways and then
you know because when my dad went away
he was he answered to me in many ways so
I was kind of partners with him in that
booking business and then one day he
came and say hey I want to start
representing athletes you know in their
careers and I got involved with him in
that business you know him and a guy by
name alloyed blooms so you know but I
was on the periphery I mean I wasn't I
wasn't actually a management but I'd be
honest with you too I looked at it as a
way to get around some of these athletes
because I had a fairly big gambling
operation on the street had bookmakers
that work for me and you know we had
athletes gambling with us at a time and
you know you get an athlete to
compromise the outcome of the game you
make some money so that was happening so
these professional athletes were
actually doing illegal gambling with
your operation they'd get into trouble
gamble more than they had and then you'd
get them to actually throw a game or
alter a game a little bit yeah you get
him to shave points you know it's
remember it's never about winning or
losing
it's all about the point spread you know
you cover you don't cover so and these
guys used to get themselves in trouble
you know and and when they did they were
gambling with the bookmakers they're not
supposed to gamble outright right in
front of anybody and they don't some
money and you know then they'd come to
us and we say you got one or two choices
you to pay us now and if you can't pay
up ace next week and if you can't pay us
next week then we'll tell you how you're
gonna pay us back and you know you got
them to it to get it to a position where
they wouldn't they either wouldn't play
that position right to help us you know
in the outcome of the game or otherwise
what were some of the teams that'll
compromise during this time well look I
you know I like to get into that but
let me tell you it's across the board
across me football baseball basketball
is one of the easiest games to to get
somebody to go along with because you
know a basketball player a good player
can pretty well control the outcome of
the points spread a referee control the
outcome of the point spread and you may
not win it in one game but if you have
somebody working with you over a period
of time most the time you're going to
come out ahead right and I guess these
days that doesn't really work because
the salaries are so high in the pros
yeah they you know they still gamble
don't get me wrong but they can pay off
their debt right now it's College
oh it's College the college yeah okay we
do in college back then also yeah I mean
I you know we had college athletes
gambling with us and they get themselves
in trouble and you know that's what
happens you're actually involved with Al
Sharpton and Don King yes during this
time you talk about that yeah I had a
big undercover operation on me at the
time obviously I didn't know it we're an
FBI agent undercover and an informant
that used to work with Mohammed Ali they
were trying to target the boxing
industry for illegal gain and so they
got to me somehow through somebody I
knew and they were trying to get me to
set up Don King and they were trying to
put us both in a problem and see how we
were fixing fights and how you know we
were doing things we shouldn't have been
doing in the fighting game and al
Sharpton who I knew very well at the
time was my liaison between Don King and
myself and you know Don King I mean al
Sharpton at the time he was a gunfire
you know we would we needed him to do
some things with his own people which he
called them at the time we hired him to
do it which to pay him you know he was
he was he was valuable in music business
because the nobody Walters the guy had
at that time that was booking all these
acts we send out a loud too to meet with
the act that he wanted a book and I
would bring him to us for a price that's
how we used him so I know how very well
okay and what happened with Don King
well they had an undercover operation on
me for about 89 months I
eventually but I was very leery of these
guys I was very careful how I worked
with them and I eventually brought them
to Don King but in the first meeting
that I had with King I said look I can
only trace these guys back maybe a year
I said so in this first meeting we had
don't say anything illegal play it
straight so everything across the board
they want to invest money they'll invest
it with you we'll get into the fight
game but don't talk about anything you
shouldn't be talking about so we had the
meeting and he did it exactly like that
what happened was and it was a big carry
call it shadowboxing that was the I mean
Sports Illustrated wrote it up there was
a whole big thing what happened was they
tried to continue they were trying to
get the money to give to Don it was
going to be a lot of money at the time
and they had I believe 81 tape
recordings of me they turned it over to
the US Attorney at the time and none of
those tape recordings worked to have me
indicted I didn't say anything on him
that would hurt myself so they
eventually had to close it down and it
went nowhere but the only one they got
in trouble over that was out Sharpton
because he tried to do a drug deal with
the the agents and and then he became an
informant after that 100% no matter what
he says he was an informant he tried to
do a drug deal they got him on tape
doing the deal the whole bit
al Sharpton a shot was a deformity
absolutely 100% okay did he get anyone
busted that I don't know but you know
there's a lot of a lot of news on this I
mean Newsday wrote a three part series
on his being you know al Sharpton and
getting himself in trouble I know how he
skated that but that's al I mean he's a
good talker he gets away with stuff mm -
you did a real sports appearance Brian
Gumbel with Brian Gumbel and you talked
about how you quote/unquote persuaded
Yankees players who owed you money to uh
affect the games I didn't actually do
that they tried to get me to say that it
was yeah now I'm a die-hard Yankee fan
listen I'm gonna hold accountable those
Yankees but they tried to get me to say
that it was Yankees and all I said is
look we had members of a lot of teams
that were gambling with us players so
now I'm not suing on out the Yankees
okay I'm not saying they threw any games
I'm not saying that okay how am i
tanki's well you're involved in the NBA
at one point
with NBA players well you have some sort
of involvement in the NCAA well I was
actually a speaker for them I was
speaking to a lot of NBA rookies for a
couple of years okay about what dangers
are gambling AHA yeah
they recruited me to actually talk to
them as you were running an illegal
gambling um no this was after this is
that okay yeah well you spoke on the
Michael Jordan situation yeah how
involved were you you know in terms of
your well I'm not gonna say your
involvement but how much did you know
about that whole situation because
Jordan self was a serious gambler yes
do you actually refer to was a
degenerate gambler he's a big gambler
okay I mean Michael Gamble's on
everything from what my experiences what
I was told and people that know him yes
okay did you personally know him at all
or no I met him I met him actually at a
an NBA deal that we had an event yeah
okay but you never gamble deal with me
no okay so he had this serious gambling
problem and then his father gets
murdered and there was always
speculation if one had something to do
with the other from what you know again
I don't have first-hand knowledge of
this but being that I was working with
the NBA at that time I was told two
things one that he was told to leave the
NBA around the time that his father got
murdered because stories were about to
come out and there was a lot of heat on
the fact that because of Michael's
gambling habit his father paid the price
and the NBA didn't want the the press so
they asked him to leave for a while
that's when he went to play baseball and
then when things settled down he came
back the plan was always from what I was
told for him to come back now again I
heard this from a source I believe was
pretty knowledgeable somebody knew
pretty well inside the NBA so for me
it's secondhand information but I
thought it was reliable and then putting
it all together knowing that you know
Michael did have this gambling issue
that is very possible that that could
have happened
Sears saying there's a strong
possibility that his father was murdered
because he wasn't paying back his
gambling debts
I don't know again I can't be specific I
don't know if it wasn't paying back I
don't know what again the specifics of
it were but I was led to believe that it
had something to do with his gambling
problem exactly what I don't know and
honestly I didn't care enough to look
into it okay well the guys who killed
him that got caught and sentenced from
what I heard yeah yeah by age 35 a
fortune magazine did a I guess a list of
the top mafia earners of all time and
you were number 18 on that list
yes so how did it feel to as someone
that's supposed to be a legitimate
businessman to now have this article in
this major magazine about you being one
of the top earners in the Mafia well you
know people want to make the Forbes list
but I don't think in this way no you
know that was came out in 86 and it was
a huge I was a 50 biggest and wealthiest
mob bosses in the country yeah and they
actually was a huge article I mean it
was half the magazine and they actually
featured six of us and I was one of the
six and then they had the list feature
doesn't interviewed no they featured six
people in that article got six guys that
were on the rest and I was gonna say you
know I was actually the youngest guy on
the list yeah man I was five behind
Gotti at the time he was he was 13 he
hadn't been made boss yet but it hurt me
bad because I was in prison at the time
when a list came out and they locked me
down because of it because Roy Rowan the
the author of the article a reporter he
was talking a lot about me in the press
and all the interviews that he was doing
so when you're in prison and you're
getting all that media they lock you
down they don't like you having that so
I never read the article until I got out
I don't even know what it was but you
know I always say this you know I don't
know how they make a list like that they
didn't ask for our tax returns so I
don't know how that came about but it
was it was kind of silly I'll tell you
it's not silly about the list they're
all dead or in prison I'm like the only
one alive out in the street they're all
gone everybody on that list within 33
years dead or in prison for the rest of
it
but what they said that you were the
biggest money earner in the Mafia since
Al Capone well again I don't have the
the stats but I don't think there was
anybody earning more money than I was at
that time like I said there'll never be
another scheme like I was part of
creating in the gas business at that
time I mean it was it was unbelievable
money and you know since the days of
prohibition I was told that that was the
most money that that any one guy was
bringing into that life okay so here you
are making hundreds of millions of
dollars living a lavish lifestyle and
your father is already on the radar of
law enforcement so you get on the radar
of law enforcement as well so at what
point did you realize okay things are
starting to close in on me in terms of
law well you know my first after I had
three state indictments I had a number
of arrests they were arrested me a lot
but I had three state indictments I went
to trial at beat all those cases all
grand larceny and extortion and all that
kind of stuff beat them all and then
Giuliani indicted me on a big
racketeering case and I was one of the
first major mob guys he indicted under
the RICO statute I was a lead defended
me and this other fellow he's now dead
and I knew that was serious I knew that
it they convict me on that I'm going
away for a long time okay and Rico even
though was already on the books it
wasn't really used until your time
correct it was on a books from what I
understand since 1970 but it was never
really used properly and Giuliani came
from Washington became the US Attorney
Southern District of New York Manhattan
and he was the one that started to use
the RICO law effectively against us and
I was one of the first big indictments
and I was on trial for several months
and I beat that case if I don't beat
that case I probably wouldn't be sitting
here now because he would have given me
50 100 years
okay how much money are we spending on
lawyers during this time I spent
millions million on lawyers yes millions
okay so you're spending millions of
dollars well you're making tens of
millions but you're spending millions
yes as well to keep you out of prison
yes so you're getting these indictments
and you actually go to trial and beating
these trials yeah I went to trial three
times in this and actually four times in
the state and then this big federal
trial and in the Southern District in
New York in Manhattan in a courtroom so
I was tied up for several months on that
case and then of course you're preparing
for a year before you go to trial I mean
it's it's a big strain on you but you
know four so I beat the case that the
end result worked out okay okay so see
you actually won through a jury verdict
yes I was acquitted aha so the jury
unanimously said that not guilty not
guilty okay and in a criminal case which
is different than a civil case it's you
know much harder to convict somebody it
has you know was that was the phrase
they use beyond reasonable doubt well I
think it's too hard to convict somebody
because the conviction rate is pretty
high you know and especially with the
feds well the feds like a 95 percent
connection states definitely lower stay
slower yes okay you rather be indicted
by the state than the feds anytime
that's for sure but Giuliani is
basically out to get you at this point
yes he told you he wants to give you a
hundred years yes
told me he was gonna give me double what
my father got I don't it was just fifty
yeah
were there any rumors of jury tampering
or anything of that sort during any of
your cases no never heard that
never heard that no ok well regardless
you would listen we I have 15
co-defendants and the jury was out 7 or
8 days hmm we polled the jury afterwards
and the jury told us the jury foreman
said that they acquitted me in the first
hour of the first day and that's how
that was a bad case I mean they should
never entitled
but they gave me all the headaches and
went for all that money but it was a
minute they shouldn't have indicted me
then ultimately you did get indicted yes
well you got addicted
I took a plea you took a plea yes
about 1980 was at 85 yeah I think 85 or
early 86 I got indicted in the Eastern
District for another big racketeering
case and the underlying axe was really
tax fraud and fraud and all that stuff
this was the gasoline stuff it had to do
with gasoline and some other things yeah
fraudulent loans they said that I did
and construction stuff oh okay well you
got indicted on 14 counts of
racketeering yeah and counterfeiting
extortion gasoline bonus yeah um
counterfeiting I don't even remember
what that you know was one of the counts
I don't remember we caught it I think
what happened is if I remember I had a
guy around me that was counterfeiting
money okay and he was one of my guys and
we went along with it at the time you
know he had this process where he got
all four colors whatever that he was
doing so they indicted him he was with
me so I get indicted okay so in 86 you
uh you pled guilty to two counts correct
took a plea deal yes you were sentenced
to how long ten years ten years which
you ended up serving three and a half no
I actually served eight on the tele
served eight yeah okay I got out yeah I
don't know where they came over that
number I did I did five straight and
then I was out on parole for about
thirteen months and then I violated
parole and went back for another 35
months
oh yeah the 35 but okay that's what I
got yes with a total of eight okay so
you did five years right okay was this
the first time you were in prison in
prison yes okay I've been locked up in
jail but prison yes okay so before you
get locked up you make bail you get out
correct but now you're actually doing a
hard time correct so you go into prison
as a made man yes did that matter in
these prisons
well yeah I mean it carries a certain
amount of weight especially the fact
that I was so high-profile and that you
know it was a large money crime and you
know all that so it has to do with you
know you kind of raise your profile
there and maybe the inmates look up to
you and all that kind of stuff you know
it doesn't help you that much with the
prison you know the guards and award and
all that stuff but the inmates yeah I
mean when you watch Goodfellas and you
see like how they're locked up and
they're cooking Italian food and they
got you know they're all hanging out
their each other cells and so forth was
it like that or not really absolute
nonsense
I mean I was so yeah we all laughed when
we saw that I mean look I don't know if
that happened in the state fifty years
ago it certainly never happened in the
feds and it's it's not anything anyway
nearly that was just a fantasy okay so
you you do your time you get out right
I guess you violate your probation
violated parole parole a tax fraud it
was fraud again yeah a tax fraud and
some other stuff that they catch any of
you so you get out and you continue to
do crime sort of you know I think the
violation was a cheap shot at me you
know bottom line is they wanted me to
cooperate okay and they brought me in to
testify they subpoenaed me to testify
against a partner of mine I was a boss
of the jersey crew his name was John
Riggi
they brought me into Newark while I was
on parole and a bottom line is I refused
to take the witness stand and very
shortly after that I was violated okay
so in the process of you know they're
trying to give you a hundred years yeah
so as a made man and they know you're a
made man yeah they're obviously trying
to get you to bring down the bosses and
correct the whole operation did you
cooperate at all or not at all it's what
I tried to do I I realized that the life
was in trouble everybody I knew was
going away forever I mean and I was the
youngest guy out of everybody
guys were getting convicted coming back
a hundred years 300 years little Vickery
gnat 300 years the Commission guys a
hundred years my boss 139 years
everybody's going away forever so I said
look I'm the youngest guy to have
everybody they're gonna give me five
hundred years so I tried to okay I got
to do some maneuvering here I tried to
make the government think that I was
gonna clean up my life because I really
intended to I mean I wasn't going back
to that life I had made a decision if I
want to preserve my life and my family I
had a young wife I had a little kids I
have to make a move here cuz I'm gonna
go away forever so I tried to make the
government feel that I was going along
you know and they talk to me I tell him
things but I would never implicate
anybody in a crime so I was basically
giving them background information you
know well what does the mob really like
let me tell you but I wouldn't implicate
anybody and so when they wanted me to
testify I wouldn't do it you know they
brought me in on one trial I had to I
was subpoenaed to go into it and I
really the guy didn't didn't never went
to jail but he wasn't a member of that
life it was an associate and he was my
associate okay and he never what did one
day in prison so that was fine we had it
kind of arranged that way but when they
they tried to really force me into
testifying against my former associates
made guys I wouldn't do it and they were
upset about it so I tried to play a game
make them think I'm gonna be a good guy
now leave me alone let me live my life
but you know the gig was up at some
point time and that's when I believe
they violated me and put me back in that
was it you know as made men you guys
take an oath of silence yes but how
often were made men actually testifying
against each other and breaking that
code and you know when the racketeering
law came out and the guys started to see
that this isn't a game anymore
you're getting 20 30 40 50 years the
game changed and performance were
popping up everywhere guys were flipping
I mean Sammy to boil over you name it
did flipping and I'll never forget after
I took my plea and I was in custody
take my plea well actually I had to go
down in Florida at a big racketeering
case in Florida the whole gas thing so
they transported me to Florida to take
my plea down there first and then coming
back to Brooklyn to take my plea in the
federal case I was surrounded by 15
agents
on a plane I'll never forget and now
that I had taken a plea and it was over
the agents were curious they would say
Mike you know what we were investigating
you this time you know what happened is
this what really happened so I would
tell them and finally I said you know
what I'm taking a plea ice and I'm tired
of beating you guys I said I give you a
win that's it you know when I was
teasing them and I said look if I went
to trial on this case I'd probably beat
you again I said but you know I'm
throwing in a towel one guy looked at me
I'll never forget who's the postal
inspector and he looked at me he said to
me you wouldn't have beat us this time
you became a superstar your guys were
lining up to testify against you
and it sunk in I never forgot that you
know what he was right okay my partner
became an informant guys that I knew
that were fairly close to me informants
so that's what happened to the life made
men one of them was a made guy the
others were all my associates
so at 87 you're imprisoned yes and you
decide to leave the Colombo family yes
now this is not actually allowed no when
you join we take a blood oath you're in
it for life for life yes but you decided
to break that yes did you inform anybody
when you did that no I mean I the way it
happened Life magazine had written a big
story about me and I had done an
interview with them only because they
contacted the warden I was in prison the
reporter did and the warden said that
the reporter said if you cooperate with
the story it'll be a better story on you
and again I'm trying to keep things calm
I don't want any more indictments and so
I do a interview with the guy in prison
and I tell him look there is no mob I
married this California girl I'm you
know doing my time I'm gonna get out and
live my life well a couple of weeks
later the story comes out and the warden
asked me back into the warden's office
he looks at me he says Francie's do you
have a death wish
that's what are you talking about he
shows me the article it's a bad article
I mean big picture of me double page and
on the top quitting the Mafia mmm and
I'm in jail would a bunch of mob guys
you know
and he says I got to lock you down this
guy had me doing everything but
testifying against everybody it wasn't
true so that kind of set a wave going on
the street the feds come in a little bit
later hey you're a dead man anyway words
all over the street you know cooperate
with us we put you in a program so I'm
not going in a program I don't want to
cooperate in that regard so I mean
that's kind of started this whole wave
of things so I didn't have to tell
anybody it kind of happened that way
but I did said word to back to my father
my father was in jail and I said dad
don't believe what you hear I'm not
gonna hurt anybody I don't know if they
believe me or not honestly okay so you
got locked down after that they're
putting in lock they put you in PC at
that point they put me in administrative
detention
okay in other words for my own
protection they said okay but then you
get out yes do they offer you witness
protection oh yeah okay so they offered
to change identity move your family to
Idaho yeah that type of thing yes and I
refused it why is that because I wasn't
gonna hurt anybody and you know I was
leaving life for what I felt were the
right reasons
you know protect my family you gotta
stand my family my mother brothers
sisters are devastated as a result of my
father's being in prison and his
involved in that life I had a young wife
I don't want to stop my relationship
with her by destroying our family so I
wanted out at a life I wasn't gonna I
didn't want it by hurting anybody I
wasn't mad at anybody I didn't want to
revenge on anybody just want that out of
life okay but there were hits put out on
you at that point yes okay by who my
former boss call my purse ago okay who's
next away about the March 7th yeah he
was he took it very personal when I
walked away did you ever speak to him
after that no he was in prison also okay
so you get out you walk away and the
whole world knows that you're quitting
the Mafia because of this article you
moved to California yes okay and now
you're actually having to watch your
back go ahead move a lot different yes
how paranoid were you during that that
era you know I wouldn't call it paranoia
I would call it I was very careful you
know I'll tell you what happened here
you know one of the horrors about a bad
life
you make a mistake your best friend
walks you into a room you don't walk out
again and I had obviously I knew of
those experiences I was a captain and I
had an experience similar to that at one
point in time where they were trying to
boss was trying to you know I think he
was trying to shake me up because he
heard I was making billions of dollars
there was stories out there and I was
only turning in Millions
so you know there was a story written
that I was becoming strong enough to
break away from the Colombo stop my
whole family my own family because I had
the Russians with me I had a lot of guys
on the street there was no truth to it
at all but it gets into guy's head so he
tried to shake me up a little bit I'll
be honest I walked into a room on I
until where I was gonna walk out I
really didn't get it you get a call for
a sit-down
yeah and you know that there's some sort
of tense situation around it yes so
you're walking into a room knowing that
you might be murdered in that room yes
and you can't bring your guys with you
you can't bring bodyguards you got to
walk in solo yeah okay what if you say
I'm not going to this meeting you're in
trouble in trouble can't say I'm not
going if you do you just about you put
your own hit out on you you know but you
know people have said to me you know how
did you walk into that room you know it
was it heroic and I said no wasn't
heroic it was more robotic I was such a
product at our life that I said hey if
this is it I guess this is it you know I
was scared not gonna lie to hear you
think you're meeting your maker it's
it's it's not pleasant but you know I'm
here actually so it worked out but since
I had that experience I said nobody's
gonna walk me into a room they're gonna
have to work to get me so I move out to
California I don't put a house in my
name no utilities I don't walk my dog at
the same time every morning I don't go
to the same restaurant every week I
stayed out at clubs I was very
disciplined because I knew I couldn't
create patterns in my life and I
couldn't to it you know couldn't matter
be careful who I had around me but I
wasn't paranoid well this look like your
own father I guess spoke against you in
one of these meetings or something like
that well he went along with it from
what I was told he went along with the
contract on my life and you know oh wait
wait so so everyone knows when it was
announced that you're leaving them
via the head of the Colombo family puts
out a hit on you and your dad goes along
with it yes that's what I was told and I
understood the position where my dad was
in because if I were to become a major
witness against guys would be bad for
him because he proposed me into that
life it wouldn't look good for him so
would he be killed my dad had an
operation respect at the time I don't
know that he'd been I don't know you
know you never know in this life right
but I went way out of my way to make
sure that that didn't happen I would
never put my dad in jeopardy as a matter
of fact I kept telling him don't believe
whatever you hear I am NOT gonna be
testifying against any of the guys don't
believe it right because the Donnie
Brasco story was a lefty who brought him
in yes ended up getting killed letting a
guilty know Lefty no in the movie he
that was a fallacy in the movie luckily
actually died a cancer I believe okay
Sonny red and Sonny black got killed for
co-signing yes
yeah so if you co-sign a made man that
made managers into a rat could it could
be a problem for you yes okay would it
have gone to that extent with my dad I
don't know because he was a well
respected guy but it could have so you
find out your dad co-signed a hit on me
it was there any actual attempts I had
two times when the FBI came to me and
said there are people here we've learned
from our informants if you don't leave
town you're gonna be dead by the weekend
and we had to pack up and move because I
took it serious you moved out of your
home yeah we left for a couple of days
and I'll never forget it was a holiday
weekend and what happened is they had
told my wife that I had come home I was
on parole and they were in the in the
den with her and she was crying and I
said what do you know I got mad it's why
he told my wife this because you may not
take this seriously it's serious so I
had to pack up with our kids and we left
for a couple of days yeah okay but
nothing else will happened I had to kind
of close incidents I think but too close
well when I think they were guys that I
that I knew about that I had to avoid I
knew guys were in town
and I knew what that purpose was I mean
were you carrying a gun during this
point and ready to shoot out if
necessary you know if I had to protect
myself I would have yes put it that way
well you have a younger brother yes who
I guess was a drug addict yes and he
ended up actually testifying against
your father
yes so your father went back to prison
at the age of 97 yeah well he was
1996-97 yeah what did your brother say
exactly well he had he got himself in
some trouble and he agreed to cooperate
and I became an informant and he wired
himself up and you know he got my father
on tape and he ended up testifying
against him at trial was it was your
brother a made man no so he was just
was he an associate well you'd have to
call him an associate because he was my
brother and my father's son but you know
he was he had he had a drug problem that
just screwed him up his whole life oh
god drugs he was on a hard stuff I mean
heroin cocaine yeah Oh God not heroin
cocaine I mean I don't know if you I
don't know every combination of drugs he
did I'll be honest right so your own
brother took the stand against your
father was he facing it when sheeters
himself I don't think so I you know I
don't know what really happened as to
why he made the decision to cooperate I
knew the government had contacted him
and whether he had something pending
hanging over his head or he did not for
some reason I tell you what I believe
was my case my brother had contracted
the HIV virus the medication was very
expensive and I I kind of think that he
did this maybe for herself that if he
went into the program the government
take care of his physical problems and
they did and oh yeah I think by me I
can't say that affirmative Lee but I
believe that's that's part of the reason
but my brother had a lot of street
trouble and he's always getting himself
in trouble because of his drug problem
okay is he still alive he is he's still
alive okay and he straightened didn't
see straighten itself out
how many years is your dad good he got
eight years at that point at 97 yes he
got eight years yes my god government
wanted 15 but the judge caught in a half
okay did you ever talk to your brother
after that I did how's that conversation
you know look I love my brother you know
I don't like what he did but I
understand when drugs take ahold of you
it's it's a tough situation I
unfortunately my sister died of an
overdose of drugs and you know I saw my
brother throughout his life with drugs
so we've had a lot of bad experiences so
I understood you know what it did to him
I loved my brother
I felt horrible about what he did my
father was destroyed over he couldn't
believe it and I spoke to him he had you
know like a pang of consciousness about
it at the time and and I think he was
sincerely regretted what he did you know
when he's tried to make up for it I mean
you know what could I say I mean look
unfortunately he the target was my dad
and not other people on the street so it
was for me it was really a family matter
forget the family was our family matter
and so you know I'm hoping I hear he
straightened himself out and that he's
doing okay he's actually working with
people that had that problem before him
and he's trying to straighten it out
he's kicked the drug problem so I mean I
wish him well I hope I get this you know
one day that we get to see him again
okay does your father forgive your
brother you know I don't think publicly
he will because my dad is you know he's
lives by the code I have to say that
about him but my dad loves his children
and I think he knew my brother had these
severe issues and I think as a father
that he would forgive my brother again
because my brother did it with him and
look we had a tough childhood I mean you
know we didn't live like normal people
we had a rough life and it wears on the
family I got to tell you this so you
talked about the JFK murder before
look at him try think of the time line
that this was before you joined yourself
yeah this was during your dad's era
correct now you believe that the Mafia
has something to do with JFK's murder
yeah III believe that firmly because of
what I was told and there's no reason
for people to mislead a lie to me people
as part of that life that dead knowledge
yeah and what did you what did you hear
exactly from what I was told it makes
sense to me that you know there was a
deal struck with the White House through
Joe Kennedy and it was violated and
people on the street were very upset
about Joe Kennedy was was the father
yeah who was in the bootlegging business
the liquor bootlegging this correct so
he was already dealing with the mafia
already yeah and at one point in time
they wanted to kill Joe Kennedy because
he was either double-dealing and not
doing right on the street and I think it
was Frank Costello that saved him agreed
not to kill him or whatever so that's
how entrenched he was I mean he knew
guys on the street 100%
he was the connection there and there
was a deal struck and they didn't live
up to it and Bobby Kennedy went even
further I mean he started prosecuting
them all people are very upset okay and
you think because of that they actually
put together a hit on John F Kennedy
yeah using was the name of the guy there
that killed him Oswald yeah Lee Harvey
Oswald yeah okay so you think the
Italian mafia worked with Lee Harvey
Oswald to kill Kennedy yeah now I don't
I don't know if they directly worked
with with Oswald I mean Jack Ruby you
know it was certainly associated with it
because Jack Ruby is when they killed
Oswald I know dogs was apprehended he
walked up to him and killed him right he
was gone to a court appearance he was in
custody Oswald right and uh I remember
reading about this and I guess his
reason was that I guess he was a Jewish
guy and
you want to show the world the Jews were
tough which kind of strange look the
government will never I mean all these
documents that are under seal that would
never been released the government is
never gonna want to admit to the fact
that the mob had a hit on the present
United States and was able to carry it
out because that just doesn't look good
for them okay and Jack Ruby was a mob
guy he was associated yeah associate
absolutely but he since he wasn't
Italian he wasn't actually yeah a made
man or anything and you had a grenade
guy he was yeah were there ever not
Italians they were made men no no such
line hours no you got to be if father
had to be Italian got it
well you know I guess around that time
there was also the J Edgar Hoover thing
and I remember J drew Hoover publicly
said there's no such thing as the Mafia
right do you know anything about that
yeah the reason for that is Hoover used
to going to one of the reasons I won't
say it's the definite reason but he used
to frequent some places in Manhattan
that will mob controlled one of them was
the Stork Club and I was told upon good
information that he was there with his
boyfriend at the time and the store club
at the time was bugged and wired because
the owner of the store club a lot of
celebrities would come in there he would
wire and bug these people and actually
extort them I have information on them
to you to keep them coming to the club
or whatever else he was doing so he
happened to catch Hoover and his
boyfriend on tape in the bathroom doing
some stuff that they shouldn't have and
they held it over Hooper's head and that
was one incident that caused Hoover to
never admit that there was a mafia right
I guess Hoover was also a crossdresser
yeah and I heard there was photos and
photos and everything else they knew for
sure he would never admit to the
existence of the mob because at that
point if you were exposed as a
homosexual it was the end of a life as
you know it correct these days it's a
little bit different correct you know
the CEO of Apple is gained out of the
closet no one even back it was
unacceptable back then it's acceptable
today right and he ended up because of
not prosecuting not going after the
Mafia he ended up going after the Black
Panthers
as you know public enemy number one so
it's kind of a weird you know the effect
was was kind of messed up I think and
what happened was could have been left
at that and everything would have been
great but Bobby Kennedy on the other
hand picked up the mantle and he started
going after them all right that wasn't
supposed to happen right in JFK gets
killed ultimately right
your father was around during the whole
Jimmy Hoffa time yeah did he ever deal
with Jimmy Hoffa I don't know if he
dealt personally we're doing Jimmy Hoffa
no okay but I guess you have said in a
previous interview that you have some
idea where Jimmy Hoffa
you know is buried or where his body was
dumped off yes I guess in the ocean I
can tell you that it's wet yeah I have
look I know where it came down from a me
look the order came from New York even
though he had you know he was hooked up
Hoffa was with the patriarchal family at
in New England but the order came down
from New York and upon good information
again I think I I know who the real
shooter was still alive yeah yeah yeah
and I actually have some tapes with
somebody that was with that person for
quite a long time and they reveal
certain things on those tapes okay
those tapes never been released no yeah
so from everything you know Jimmy Hoffa
was killed by the Mafia 100% cutter
percent Turner percent because you know
that's what people assume but it was
never actually proven or dishonor
concern okay because he had the mob ties
when yes doing all the Union activities
I'm supposed to come home and just you
know go off into the sunset and he
refused he wanted a position back and
good navin well at one point uh you
actually I mean you left the Mafia but
you never renounced the Mafia until
later on yes when you became a Christian
correct okay and I guess you realized
that being in the Mafia you know you had
to treat the boss as a god and you
realize that Jesus Christ was someone
the father was dead well I never thought
of it that way you know look I always
say this about my former life did I
enjoy it when I was in there yeah did I
want to be the best possible mob guy
could be yes was I committed yes 100%
but stepping away I have to be honest
it's an evil lifestyle and the reason I
say it's evil I'm not calling the guys
evil because I was one of them I just
happened to be very fortunate blessed
actually but I don't know any family of
any member of that life that hasn't been
totally devastated including my own not
my wife and kids but mother father
sister brothers so any lifestyle that
does that to a family and to people as
evil
so I renounce it in that regard you know
I were there's some good qualities about
that life yeah I mean a life that is
allegedly built on honor and respect and
loyalty do I find that admirable I
honestly do the problem is like anything
else like in our government today that
principle gets corrupted you know I saw
a guys die for reasons they shouldn't
have died for there's greed there's
power struggles it's like anything else
but the principle at life I agreed with
I actually did we're loyal to one
another we don't betray one another we
never be you know we never violated
another man's wife mother sister
daughter you know we're honest with each
other we don't call each other names and
we have a sit-down or we have a dispute
we can't call you each other liars we
have to be respectful so there's a lot
of good principle in that life the
problem is it gets corrupted you know
and you know I still look at it the same
way you know and and look I know the
government comes down on it but you know
the government does a lot of things that
are they're not too good also because
power corrupts I think we see that in
our everyday life so again I'm not I'm
not glorifying a life in any way I'm
just giving you my honest opinion of it
you know you were in an organization
that was murdering people I'm not saying
that you had anything to do with any of
these murders you know there's no
statute of limitations to that so we're
not going to talk about that but you
were part of a crew of
people that was killing people's
husbands fathers brothers friends you
know it was Columba the Colombo family
into drugs at all or no we were not into
drugs really told if we got involved
with drugs we got killed okay so you
were doing drugs but extortion that type
of thing do you ever look back on that
and feel bad over some of the things you
were involved in and feel like you have
to atone to those you know for those
things you know I have regrets for
things that I've done in that life but I
want you understand that everybody talks
about murder all the time it's the most
serious thing and it is that people
attribute to the to the evil of that
life but here's the way we looked at it
whether right or wrong when we come into
that life we take an oath and at that
time we're told if we violate deal with
we could pay for it with our lives and
your best friend might be called upon
because the life becomes before anything
now
we weren't random killers murder was
taken extremely seriously
it could only be ordered by the boss
there was always discussion about it and
you know we weren't doing drive-by
shootings weren't just randomly killing
people you know it was confined to us
and when I say us it was we that knew
that we could pay the price if we made a
mistake or we did something wrong now
what I said before is that I saw people
die for I don't think they should have
because the life gets corrupted but I
always want to say this we weren't
random killers we didn't go around
murdering people it's taken very
seriously and I think that's a wrap you
know you see all of these Wars well who
are we killing we're killing each other
you know we're not going out on the
street and killing people now you know
once in a while I've heard you know an
innocent person got killed okay hundred
percent wrong should never happen none
of this should happen but it does but I
always try to make it clear we killed
each other and we knew what we were
getting into when I walked away I knew I
could pay for this with my life because
that's the oath that I took so we
understand that I mean back then when
you were doing it they do not have the
kind of surveillance they have these
days you know you don't you know you had
clunky you know if you had a recording
device it was an
agra was yeah you could you could feel
it on some under somebody's shirt there
weren't cameras on every signpost there
were no satellites there there were no
cell phones that you could triangulate
that's right these days being a criminal
seems a lot harder absolutely
saying that does the mafia still exist
in 2019
the mob still exists and I don't believe
it'll go away in my lifetime these guys
are very resourceful it's not anywhere
near what it was at one point in time
because I have to say the government in
the 80s did a good job they took the
union power away for the most part you
know they took a lot of contacts that we
had power bases that we had they took it
away racketeering act bail Reform Act
you know you know all of this stuff
sentencing Reform Act I mean it really
really made a dent in that lifestyle but
it's not going away
certainly not New York Chicago places
where it's a stronghold we set out all
the movies out there Goodfellas in
Donnie Brasco those the most authentic
mafia look I would say Goodfellas yep
fairly accurate I knew all those guys
it was depicted well Donnie Brasco like
I said they took dramatic Liberty there
but it was was pretty accurate casinos
was actually my favorite movie yeah like
this you know it was but not accurate
not really not really and you said
Sopranos is completely inaccurate if a
mob boss was ever visiting a
psychiatrist he'd be in the trunk of his
car by the end of the week along with
his psychiatrist I'll tell you what I
think of it I said I'll tell what I
think the best mob movie wanted the best
it's it's not as notable because it
wasn't a theatrical release but the HBO
movie Gotti where Armando Santi played
Gotti I thought that was brilliantly
done extremely it was about as accurate
of movies you're gonna see on that life
certainly on that story I don't know if
you ever seen it but if you haven't go
on HBO go and watch it it was great
great movie I saw everybody was it was
terrific in that movie well there's
actually a movie about your life a
documentary documented
Yeah right we're in talks now to make a
movie I've always been kind of resistant
of it but maybe timing is right now okay
and you've done a bunch of books as well
yes you know as the only high-ranking
member of one of the five families who's
out there talking about it writing books
about it doing documentaries about it
and he sort of backlash from any of your
former associates or people who are
currently I mean does a Colombo family
still exist number one it does it does
yes so how did the Clement family feel
about you right now
you know bottom line is I never put
anybody in prison and they knew that
that's not what I was about do they like
the fact that I walked away no they like
the fact that I'm talking about it know
the people say oh he's rattie's this is
that you get that section of people that
do that you know half the people that
talk about rats they don't even know
what a rat is or really what what it's
all about they just try to talk and act
tough but there are a lot of people that
support what I've done I've never had a
run-in and when anybody nobody's ever
approached me directly and said hey this
and that yeah sometimes on lines people
will make a remark right that doesn't
bother me okay again bottom line is I
never hurt anybody and that was very
significant to everybody okay are you
familiar with the Takashi six nine case
that's going on right now not really no
it's a rap rider new york with rainbow
hair I know who he is by another right
well he he got arrested
I guess him and his whole crew got
arrested under the RICO and he had nine
nine charges against him and he is
currently you know we actually had his
guilty plea paperwork where he is
agreeing to cooperate with all
law-enforcement s-- against all of his
co-defendants some of these
co-defendants were actually you know
like some of the interesting things
about this case is there was a video of
him essentially putting a hit out on
somebody mmm telling a guy I'll give you
twenty or thirty thousand to go handle
that and then that guy has an ends up
getting shot at shortly afterwards he
ended up testifying against that guy as
well and the government you know based
on the paperwork is that if he
completely cooperates they're not gonna
prosecute on all nine charges
do you see this type of thing happened
absolutely I mean look you know I got to
be honest with you let's take Gotti's
case and let's take Sammy the bull yeah
Sammy admitted to 19 murders he admitted
to 19 murders right in my view how do
you give a guy that is basically a
serial murderer by his own admission how
do you give him a pass right because he
testified against John Gotti who had a
bigger name who they wanted to get who
beat them a couple of times but look
John John Gotti in my opinion on his
worst day was it as good a better guy
than Sammy the bull Sammy just wasn't
his flamboyant he didn't thumb his nose
in the government's face so how does a a
civilize government make a deal with a
guy like that and put him back on the
street what happens when he comes out
goes into an ecstasy ring it's thoughts
right yeah Exedy I thought with the drug
ring yeah yeah I mean how do you justify
that and I got I'm not nothing personal
against Sammy at all did you know Sammy
yeah nothing personal but how does the
government take Sammy or anybody else
how does the government make a deal with
somebody like that and put him back out
on the street
go get him village fat a fight the case
do whatever but to make the kind of
deals that they're making you know you
mean it doesn't work for me I'm sorry
right so Sammy ultimately I just looked
it up in 2002 is convicted of the drug
ring mm-hmm and given a 15 to 17 years
he was released and I'm Scott outer-body
you just got out 2017 see he's still out
there he's 74 years old yeah did it
surprise you when he turned on everybody
like that you know yes and no because
guys were starting to flip left and
right and I said well there's just
another one going down it's like I said
you know nobody wants to do 100 years in
prison okay who they are unless you have
Sonny Franzese my dad who will do a
thousand years before he would cooperate
and he's the only guy I know that I can
say without any shadow of a doubt that
my dad would never ever ever cooperate
well I mean that's basically what
happened you know whether to
Ashi situation is that they wanted the
other guys were more hardened criminals
this guy was kind of young I think he
was like 20 years old or 19 years old
the other guys actually had long
criminal records and hmm we're like the
quote unquote real gangsters of that
crew so they're using him to put
everybody away but it's a very strange
situation because a lot of them were
doing crimes on this guy's behalf to
work out his various rap beefs and so
forth and then I gotta tell you I speak
to a lot of young people you know it's
part of a ministry that I have and I
speak to gang bangers all the time I go
into detention centers and I tell them
straight out let me give you some good
advice if you want to be a criminal you
want to stay on the street you're gonna
do something do it alone that's it
that's it nobody can snitch on you later
on it's because your best friend you
know it's gonna go to war with you
during your criminal activity watch what
happens when they get him in a room
alone they say hey you know what you
even go away the rest of your life for
the next 40 50 years you don't get
parole anymore you're doing 85% get 50
you're doing 40 and change okay either
that or talk to us we'll help ya we'll
give you a new identity that guy's going
away forever anyway don't worry about it
and at least you'll preserve your life
see how friendly he is with you at that
point right well I interviewed Freeway
Ricky Ross and was one of the biggest
drug dealers right on the west coast his
plug you know his drug connect ended up
being an informant and took the stand
and helped him to get a life sentence
mm-hmm and when I asked him what would
happen if if this guy walked in Lewis
plan don't I think was the guy's name
he's dead absolutely nothing what would
happen if he walked in the room right
now oh nothing nothing
I have absolutely nothing against II
really know wasn't his fault
see way I look at it is first of all I
made the mistake of getting in the drug
business that was my first mistake
my next mistake was I went back into the
drug business as I say I quit yeah so
what he did is he only did what people
do in the drug business
they tell they set you up and for
somebody to go into the drug business
and not understand that which I was in
the drug
and didn't understand it but I came to
grips with it is that really the reality
of a life of crime from your point of
view that telling and snitching is just
part of it so if you're gonna get into
it just realize that's what it is
I believe so you know I had a similar
circumstances the fella that snitched on
me it was my partner in the gas business
we created the scheme together he was uh
he was six foot four almost 500 pounds
huge guy we worked together for seven
years we never had a problem between us
we got very close my kids called him
uncle Larry his kids called me uncle
Michael our wives knew each other we
were close when he snitched you know
people told me on the street listen
we'll take care of this for you or you
can take care of but the guys got to go
and I said no it's okay I said I knew at
some point in time he might be weak I
understood what what I was up against I
said I know his wife and kids I mean you
know I'll fight him in court and so
that's how I felt too and you know he
ended up he ended up testifying against
me it's the reason I went to jail
basically in the case and what happened
with him okay they let him out he goes
back into the gas business in Texas he
gets caught puts his whole family in
trouble he got 20 years they put him
back in jail so things you know but it's
it's part of the business you know
what's gonna happen you don't want it to
happen you try to avoid it you try to be
careful but it's gonna happen so you get
out you know you start writing books and
doing speaking engagements and so forth
and that's essentially supporting that
was supporting you and good part yeah
yeah were you getting regular jobs 9 to
5s or no no nothing I haven't had a
regular job since I worked on a World
Trade Center and a summer of when I was
in high school I was a union guy my dad
got me a job okay
in 2010 you were busted for writing bad
checks correct you talk about that at
all first of all was expunged and it was
thrown away I had a
an incident I would say with my former
manager and I fired him and he got upset
and he had two checks that I had given
him that I was stopping payment on and
he said that I bounced the checks on him
they locked me on a I was getting off a
plane in Tennessee because that's where
it happened and they locked me up okay
and after we talked about it I was let
loose and they expunged the case and
that was the end of it and that was the
only time that you dealt with police
since he's since well just period since
you got out I don't know I got a pretty
yeah so you got completely legit yeah
was that hard listen you know when I
when I got out of the life and I came to
faith I didn't get a lobotomy I don't
forget stuff I did on the street I try
to avoid certain things that I know that
I might have a tendency to get in
trouble with so I got people around me
to keep me accountable so yeah in a way
in a way it's tough you're always in a
little bit of a battle but you know you
got to surround yourself with the right
people and I fortunately have a very
prolific speaking faith-based career and
so I'm always in the right environment
you know I'm writing books that doing
movies on my life the whole bit so I
mean I you know I have every inclination
to stay straight and I don't want to put
my family through any more headaches
right but you go from having a private
plane 8,000 square foot house
helicopters millions of dollars and so
forth to you know I'm not sure what your
lifestyle is now but I'm pretty sure
it's not that it's not that but remember
in in the interim I spent eight years in
prison 29 months and seven days in the
hole I was in solitary for almost three
years Wow yeah they kept me in lockdown
and I got to tell you that's not easy
you know regardless when anybody says we
weren't meant to be solo career we meant
to be social and I heard when the lights
went out at night you heard a lot of
guys moaning and groaning it was a tough
situation so I mean I know what it is to
hit rock bottom because I was there for
a long time and you know so when I came
out it was yeah I mean look I live
decently now I don't have any complaints
but it'll never be to where
before so you deal with it you know well
you've actually said that if you had a
chance to do it all over again you would
well I've said that I don't know if I
believe that now you know there's
certain parts of it that maybe as yeah
you know I'd like to go back for a
limited amount of time maybe and and
just have that experience again but
that'll never happen yeah I appreciate
you sharing your story of things is a
very unique story from someone that came
from your position because no one else
has really been able to tell it from a
first-hand perspective before well I
appreciate that and you know I've been
very fortunate and very blessed used to
be here be able to speak to you so
appreciate it yep and you have seven
children I have seven children I have
six grandchildren yeah so I got a good
crew your wife is here and the other
room else I've been married 35 years and
wasn't for her I wouldn't be here if I
don't meet her and and change my
lifestyle idea to be dead or in prison
so well you know I think that everyone
was watching this you know who you know
has been involved in crime and you know
to one degree or another or has been
involved with family who's been involved
in crime like this is a very rare case
of someone that actually gets to ride
off into the sunset without doing a
hundred years without being murdered
you know without falling to drugs in the
end or committing suicide or something
in the source so I think it's very much
a rarity but you know with this
opportunity to actually tell you the
story and you know not glamorizing it I
think that's very important
yeah well look I want to be clear in
that I don't glamorize from my former
life and I certainly you know a big part
of what I do now is discouraging these
young people from continuing in a life
of crime or getting involved in it in
the first place so because it's a
destructive path in life and this just
makes no sense yeah and I think these
days like I said with cell phones and
cameras everywhere and and so forth well
look when this guy Kali got killed you
know the alleged boss of the Genovese
family I mean within two days they knew
everything because there's cameras all
over the streets yeah dad
thumbprint on a license plate I mean
yeah it's it's amazing I mean you you
you how do you commit a crime today and
not get caught I don't know
right and the guy that killed him it
wasn't even my fear related it was some
guy that I guess liked a girl that was
hanging out with him and but that's the
story is there more to it if there is
we'll find out but the guy seems a
little loony to me actually from what
I'm reading and from what I heard ya
know right Whitey Bulger he ends up
getting killed
I guess his first day in general
populations I'll be honest with you I
don't know how that happened because
I'll tell you I'll tell you a quick
story
Henry Hill was on separation with me
who's on separation with a lot of guys
he was in the witness protection program
but he was in prison well by mistake
they put him in Terminal Island in in
general population where I was and we
happen to connect in there now there was
a you know there was a shoot on I mean
of Henry anybody of us were to find him
we're supposed to take him out so by
mistake they put him in the same prison
where I was in general population when
he was on separation so the government
makes mistakes sometimes I firmly
believe they made a mistake with whitey
so that was just uh yeah it happens but
that was a fatal mistake obviously how
do you put him in there two guys a known
snitch you know we have people in every
prison almost you know how do you put
him in there Rex I guess they cut out
his tongue or his eyes or yeah you know
okay so when Henry Hill who's you know
the character in Goodfellas you know the
main guy he end up turning against
everybody yes and going into witness
protection yes later on but you're
actually with him in prison
at one point yeah and as soon as he saw
me he ran NEP seat up he put himself alt
active custody right we were supposed to
kill him in that situation well the word
was out if we saw Henry we know what he
did yeah where he's supposed to take him
out even though he wasn't part of he
wasn't telling on your family no but you
know I mean I knew Paulie very well I
know Jimmy Burke well Emanuel those guys
so that's you're expected to do
something you know
you can't say he's here and we're just
gonna pal around with him you know okay
so would you have try to kill him if
given the opportunity no no no that
wasn't your thing
no and I knew Henry pretty well too you
know so no I mean when I seen him I sit
on man what is he doing here you know I
went back to my cell I'll tell you what
happened
the lieutenant called me about an hour
later I got called into the lieutenant's
office and he said to me Mike what
happened on the yard today I said what
are you talking about he's Mike who did
you see on the yard I said I didn't see
anybody but he said Mike you got to be
honest with me because we're shipping
you out of here
now if Terminal Island was an hour from
my house I was getting visits what do
you mean you're shipping me out I said
hey you know all right I saw Henry I
said ship him out don't shut me out he's
well he already peace eat up lieutenant
like me fortunately so they did ship him
out so Henry Hills still around no he's
dead oh he's dead yeah okay he lived out
here for a long time but he's dead okay
did he stay in PC or no I mean staying
protective in a witness protection or no
well when he got out he kept getting in
trouble so they threw him out of the
program for that I understand here
Henry's a poor soul he was using yeah
yeah crazy life you know and I always
say this in today's society man there's
so many ways to make legal money yes you
know from uber do you know - uh - being
a social-media influencer - doing
whatever man doing music on your own
it's starting your own business there's
lots of ways to do it that doesn't
involve prison time doesn't involve any
murderers or shootings or stabbings
agree you know and honestly that's
always the best approach for you I
totally agree I discourage anybody from
life on the street yeah no doubt Oh
Michael that I appreciate you telling
your story thank you till next time okay
peace